[Present]
Hey I saw a dead man

Mustard on a kick, hello

[psalm 1]
Hey, mustard, ho
Deebo, whatever rap nigga, you got free throw.
Man going down, turn on the orange, tell him "cheers, bro"
Crucify a nigga and he'll spin like a Tizo
What are these jackass niggas doing trying to see Compton?
The profession can hate me, I will shut them all, they are my mother.
How many possibilities do you really have? In other words, there are many options.
I'm walking through this body, I'm John Stockton
Get off your butt and hide your Bible while God watches.
At some point you have to step out and show you care
A certified boogeyman, I'm the one who raises the bar with them
Running up to him, I always know there's something about him
Dress him up, take his things, trap him until he dies
Say, Drake, I think you're young
It is recommended not to go to the first block.
Everyone you talked to during the meeting
Make sure your sister doesn't have him
He told me to buy only subs second hand
And the party is now playing with his nose
And Baca faced a strange case, why did he appear here?
Eligible love interest? certified pedophiles
Ahhhhhhhhhhhh, whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop
Hahahaha I have to do my thing
Why are you joking like a rooster? Aren't you tired?
Trina struck a chord, maybe a little chord
[coro]
They don't like us, they don't want us, they don't want us
They don't love us, they don't love us, they don't love us
[Psalm 2]
Do you think Bey will disrespect you, Black?
I think the Oakland show will be your last stop, Black.
Kol fu don't know why you do that?
What is an owl? Negroid birds and female dogbirds, moving forward
The public is not stupid
Frame the story what you will, Drake, they don't bend
The rabbit hole is still deep, I can do it, I promise
That's not what B-Rad means, bitch, you're the most popular guy in Malibu
No rules, boy, boy, get on the Gatorade or something.
Since 2009 I have been skipping this dog
You'll do wedges, you'll turn boxer shorts inside out
What is OVO? “Choose another outsider”? hole
Nika improved her attitude and became popular throughout Compton
You can write a Ph.D.

Tell the pop star to come out of hiding
Comment garbage, you want action, no accidents.
And I'm practical, it's crazy, polished.
Hit Wayne's girl in jail, then connivin'
Meaning of the word: Forgiveness His face is like a cat laughing
I'm glad Deros is here and you do not fit him.
The middle one from Alandra, not to mention Serena
Your friends need a calling card to see the hunters.
The name must be registered and sent to the local authorities
Leaning on your niggas like another vok line'
Yes, everyone's eyes are on me, I'll pass the puck
Lie to me, I fired him, oops
Sweet chin music, I won't pass attendance, oops
How many products do I actually have in stock? oh
One, two, three, four, five, plus five, oops
the devil lies
God is 69 years old.
Crazy niggers must keep them in, ayy
Roll up and store as new. Oh oh
The city is back, that's important, we're out, yeah.
[Gift]
they don't like us, they don't like us, they don't like us
They don't like us. We don't like them. We don't like them.
[Verse 3]
Once upon a time we were all in chains
Homie went so far as to call us slaves
Atlanta is a mecca for railroads and trains
Bear with me for a moment while I get you on the line
The colonists used the townspeople to get rich.
Fast forward to 2024 and the agenda is the same
If you need a checking balance, run to Atlanta.
It's a real challenge to list for you.
You talked about the future when you couldn't see the club (hey, what?).
Lil Baby Helped Raise Your Tongue (What?)
21 gave you fake street cred
That criminal made you feel the slime in your head (no, right?).
Quao said you might be from the north (what?)
2 Chainz Said You Like But He Lied
If you need some money, you go to Atlanta
No, you are not a helper, you are a colonizer.
Family stories and the truth
God's plan was to expose all the lies.
[warm]
mm
Oh! Oh
You are a devoted, devoted, devoted person (Mm)
It's a fan, it's a fan, it's
Crazy guy, he's a 69 year old god
Beautiful nigga, I'm 69 years old
Hey, hey, hey, hey, gudu don ranka
Hey, hey, hey, run for your life
There's a God of 69 under that crazy ass
Strange nigga, this is God 69
Hey, he, he, he, run for your life.
Hey, hey, hey, run for your life
Let me hear "OV-ho" (
You appreciate

See "OV-there" (
OV is

So step here, step there
Go here, go there
[Apart from]
you are my friend?
We're trapped?
So here, there
So go now, go for it
